Are right.
So we got redox working nicely with our app.
We've just learned an awesome library.
I hope everybody is feeling good now.
I do want to add a few things.
Obviously this is a simple example but the fundamentals are there using these principles that you can
go off then build larger and larger applications.
But as I've been writing this you may have noticed a few things.
One.
Well let's look over here at our folder structure we can imagine as our app grows that is going to get
bigger and bigger and bigger.
And this is actually something I want to demonstrate to you later on in the course when we work on the
smart brain app where we start loading our app yes with a ton of functions.
And we're not using redux for it.
So this fall gets longer and longer with new methods and new methods and new methods.
Now having one container component that is having one connected component component that knows that
the redux store exists and listens to props and dispatch actions from it.
Well having just won is not really realistic.
Most likely you're going to have multiple containers but because of the way redux works that's fairly
easy to do.
We can just use connect and pick and choose which components we want to connect to the redux store.
And if we want two containers to speak to each other.
Well very simple we just connect them.
And because the store is up above everything else we're able to get that state information.
So it makes communication very very easy.
So we obviously want to have containers like this and simple presentational components that are just
pure functions that just receive props and render.
However as we grow more and more components and more and more containers it starts to make sense to
not have just one Constans for one actions fall and one reducers fall.
You can imagine these getting bigger and bigger and bigger and you'll see projects that have a actions
folder a Constans folder and a reducers folder.
But I personally like the components way of doing things.
That is group everything according to the component.
For example create an app dodginess or let's say there's a smart search field component.
We're going to create a folder called search field and that search field folder is going to have all
the DOM presentational components that it needs.
It's going to have all the actions that it needs an action.
Yes it's going to have all the reducer that it needs.
And it's also going to have all the content that.
So each folder is going to represents a component a chunk of our website and it's all coupled together
in one little folder.
So if we ever want to share code it's going to be fairly easy to do.
It's also really nice to think about it that way instead of having these massive general folder names.
And that's what you'll see with most big projects.
This idea of components that have their own folders these containers that again have their own folders
as well as reducers non-actions.
And this way you can read through the folder structure and decide where you want to go to fix a bog
or create a new feature.
You also want to avoid repeating code as much.
For example in most applications we're going to have a lot of fetch.
So wouldn't it be great if we had an API folder here that does the fast call maybe we'll call it API
get API and all we need to do is pass a function and that function is going to pass that you are l into
the FS function and it's also going to do this.
Jason for us so is just going to return the data.
So we keep prepay so we stop repeating all this fast dog then dog can catch So thinking in terms of
organizing your folders to something that makes sense something that can scale.
And if somebody comes on to the project it makes it easy for them to follow and read is a good way of
doing things.
All right that's enough for now.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye bye.